README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Abort enrichment on API errors and show incomplete boards separately
- Stop LLM lookups immediately on non-resumable errors (e.g. out of
  credits) using a shared abort flag across concurrent batches
- Boards missing spec data are kept in results but shown in a separate
  dimmed "Missing Spec Data" section in the UI
- Fix model ID to claude-haiku-4-5-20251001
- Wire enrichBoardSpecs into the search pipeline
- Add enableSpecEnrichment config toggle
- Rewrite README with sandbox caveat and project overview

README.md, after:

# Snowboard Deal Finder

Find the best beginner snowboard deals across retailers (Tactics, Evo, Backcountry). Scrapes live listings, enriches specs via Claude, and scores boards for beginner-friendliness and value.

## Setup

```bash
npm install
npx playwright install chromium
```

Copy `.env.local.example` to `.env.local` and set your `ANTHROPIC_API_KEY`.

## Running the dev server

**Important:** The dev server must be run from a regular terminal, not from within Claude Code. Meta's sandbox on the Claude process blocks Chromium's mach port bootstrap calls, causing Playwright to crash with `SIGSEGV` on launch.

```bash
# Run from a regular terminal:
npx next dev -p 3099
```

Claude Code can still be used for editing, searching, and committing -- just run the server separately.

## Architecture

- **Scraping:** Tactics (fetch), Evo & Backcountry (Playwright headless browser)
- **Enrichment:** Missing specs (flex, profile, shape, category) are looked up via Claude Haiku + web search. Results are cached in SQLite across restarts.
- **Scoring:** Boards are scored on beginner-friendliness and value. Boards missing spec data are shown in a separate "Missing Spec Data" section in the UI.
